# Project Description: ETHEREUM GIFT CARDS

## General Idea:
Facilitate Ethereum (Crypto Currencies)  buying focus on unbanked (no cards) and persons with low technology knowledge. In order to accomplish this, the project will have 3 main areas:

 1. Point of Sales: Which is intended for convenience stores or any store in general, which allow to do the following options (by paying in cash or with any card):
	 - Buy **Eth Gift Cards** (similar to amazon gift cards), that can be redeemed in 		our site
2. Redeem the acquired Gift Cards and transfer the amount bought to the personal wallet.
3. Eth liquidity pool that will allow to lend ethereum for a percentage of the gaining. Gaining will be generated by charging 10% more from current price when doing any eth sell which will trigger an automatic buy back.

## User Stories:
 - POS4*: Point of sale to be able to  sell **Eth Gift Cards**, this cards transfer eth to a temporary wallet (contract GiftCardsPool.sol) that will not be usable until redeem on our site. 
 - *UserWeb1*: Check Eth balance by ETH Gift Card Id.
 - *UserWeb2*: Redeem **Eth Gift Cards**, you can add the redeemed funds to your own account (wallet).
 - *LenderWeb1*: Check liquidity provided by user wallet
 - "LenderWeb2": Add funds to the liquidity pool
 - "LenderWeb3": Retrieve funds.

## SETUP
Web project developed with Angular using truffle and ganache.
Steps to execute:
1. Open the project in Visual Studio code
2. Open a terminal (in Vs code)  an enter the following commands:
  "npm install @truffle/hdwallet-provider"
	 "truffle migrate --network development" to deploy to ganache on port 8545
3. enter the following commands: 
    "npm update"
    "npm start" to start the web server" to start the web server.
4. In a browser with Metamask go to http://localhost:4200/
